this country is founded by people who
were in the aliens man George Washington
man he was in a cult and the cult was in
aliens man you didn't know that oh man
they were way into that type of stuff
you're getting air from their masts no
it was the last day of school
miss Crawford I was thinking that maybe
you and I can get together over the
summer I mean it'll be legal
it was the first day of summer vacation
you guys know anything about a party
here tonight no sir it was a time they
will never forget the new fifth in the
making as we speak as I was cute sunny
was killed in you ready graduate we were
like three years old
if only they could remember it right
okay so you're not gonna go to law
school what do you want to do then I
want to dance you're gonna be
quarterback next year I might not even
play
you're in need of a serious attitude
adjustment young man super dominant man
50s greaser uniform that's what I love
about these high school girls I get
older they stay the same a 15 were
boring the 60s rock suddenly oh my god
they obviously saw Dazed and Confused
see it with a bud behind every good man
there's a woman and that woman is Martha
Washington and and every day George
would come home she'd have a big fat
bull waiting for him and when he come in
the door match you with a hip hip hip
lady